In this exercise, we're going to continue working with
abstraction by updating the sphere class to contain a mutator,
really just one mutator,
and that's a function to mutate the radius of the sphere.
That means we're going to have to remove
the constant specifier from both radius and volume,
and we're going to have to make sure that we update the volume.
At the same time, we update the radius because there's
an invariant that connects the radius to volume.
Volume is always equal to pi times four divided by three times the radius cubed.
So when we add the radius mutator,
we'll have to also update the volume,
and we'll also need to check that the radius is positive.
In fact, we have a test down here
essentially trying to set the radius to a negative value.
Then we assert that in fact we did catch an exception.
So what should happen when we set
the radius to a negative value or at least when we tried to
set the radius to a negative value is that the mutator should throw an exception.
The purpose of all of this is again to
emphasize that the user of this function or
this class doesn't care exactly how volume is set.
All that the user cares about is that when they call volume on the sphere,
that the volume returns the correct value.
Whether that value is calculated in
real time via multiplication or
whether that value is set in cash when the radius is updated,
the user doesn't really care about.